Acm cnv  p2p interop scenario (#70139)
openshift/release: ci-operator/step-registry/p2p/acm-cnv-install-policy/README.md

# Deploy Policy in ACM hub to install CNV

## What this step does ?

> 1. Creates a Policy object in ACM that installs the CNV operator(kubevirt-hyperconverged) on selected clusterset

Reviewer: Please use the official Red Hat product name.
```suggestion
1. Creates a Policy object in ACM that installs the OpenShift Virtualization on selected clusterset
```

2. Ensures that a ManagedCLusterBinding exist so that ACM can apply policy on targeted clusterset

3. Creates Placement and PlacementBinding to bind CNV installation policy to the correct clusters

4. Waits for CNV installation to complete by vreifying the HyperConverged resource

Installing CNV using a policy ensures that it is installed across clusters that are bound to the clusterset, in this case there's only one cluster

## Requirements

1. A functional ACM hub with governance and Policy frameworks enabled

2. oc and jq installed in the container 

3. Spoke cluster must already be installed and registered with ACM

## Environment Variables

1. POLICY_NS - Namespace where policy will be created, default is set to "install-cnv"

> 2. CLUSTER_NAME - Name of the spoke cluster, this is also used to for clusterset. It must be read from file location <SHARED_DIR/managed.cluster.name>

Reviewer: Why listing env. variable that user can't change. Even for the ones user can change, it should be straight forward in the `step` ref-YAML configuration file.

Reviewer: Must do in this PR.
